# eshriek.github.io

This is the test directory for a repository of fiction literature to ensure shit happens. The emphasis on *test* should not be underestimated. The goal here will be bulk. Lots of words. None of the words here need have any relavance, meaning, direction, or coherence. Hardcore fiction writers can do 3000 or more in a day, most days. Note, those are 3000 fully edited words ready for print. No one will ever push anything like that here. I'll take a page from James Clear, Atomic Habits, how many words can be done in 2 minutes for the next 20 days? I'm thinking I won't see 300. And they will be unedited and dismal.
wtf just happened!? That last (and only commit) was from March 15! The creative writer in me must have jumped through some github wormhole. It's now July 8! That's ... a lot of days later and nothing to show. I happened to stumble here after starting a 25 minute pomodoro on learning javascript. I've become so sloppy loose with pomodoro. Really would love to develop an app to my own liking. I need to learn js first though. CodeCademy is much help at the moment. I cannot understand the dance of high-order functions. I don't even know if that is my mind block. Mind block reminds me of work. I need to write down my experiences, where and when and why I fail to take the initiative. Am I simply a coward? I never have anything to say. I shouldn't need to say much of of anything. Taking a risk is risky. How did I end up here? Procrastination perhaps. It's just another unknown.
I didn't see 300 in a single one of the 20 days.
Maybe that will change. Or, it will be more of the same.
Do you realise what has happened since March 15. Wtf was I doing starting a non-existant blog a few days after the bitcoin covid crash. I go now to count words in Windows Subshell for Linux where I learn that I have unlearned the password for WSL.
